Q-1.When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

Ans.When I intend to share my work with public.

Q-2.Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically 
stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Ans.Sometimes,I may not be working on my computer or I may not have made the changes myself.
In such situations,I will need to pull changes manually.

Q-3.Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one 
instead of another?

Ans.Forking a repository means copying someone else's repository to you github profile.
Cloning a repository refers to copying a repository to your local machine using the URL.
Branching refers to adding some changes to your own repository and committing them and 
giving them a label.

Q-4.What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored 
locally?

Ans.If I am about to go without Internet access for a while, for example to work
on a plane, I can update my local copy before I leave.  I can do this even
if I'm not ready to merge those changes into my own branches yet.  Then if I
want, I can perform the merge while offline, or I need to know what the
remote version is at some point, I have an easy way to access it.

Q-5.How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier,
 and what would be harder?

 Ans.Offcourse it would be much harder to collaborate without any version control.
 We would have to create different files for different versions and that would create a lot
 of chaos.Also,it would be very difficult to share those while if we are collaborating.

 Q-6.When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? 
 What benefits does each approach have?

 Ans.If I want to add a feature to my software but I am not sure about it,I'll make a separate
 branch for it rather than adding it in the main branch.I can work on that feature side-by-side and
 I'll merge it in my master branch once I am sure about it.

